
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8">
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
	<meta name="theme-color" content="#93C572">

	<title>11/2021 Meeting Minutes</title>

	<meta name="description" content="Meeting minutes from the November 2021 Board meeting.">

	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../assets/faviconMM.ico" type="image/x-icon">

	<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="../assets/apple-touch-icon.png">
	<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="../assets/favicon-32x32.png">
	<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="../assets/favicon-16x16.png">

	<link rel="manifest" href="../manifest.webmanifest">

	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="minuteCSS.css">

</head>
<body>

	<div class="theBody">
		<div class="theTitle">Meeting Minutes</div>
		<div class="theDate">from November 2021</div>
		<div class="theBoard">Phillip's Gate HOA Board</div>

		<div class="theMinutes">

			<div class="whenHeld">President Obie Oakley began meeting at 5:30 PM.</div>

			<div class="whoAttended flexColumn">
				<div>In Attendence:</div>
				<div class="tab">
					<div class="">Sally Almason</div>
					<div class="">John Nash</div>
					<div class="">Obie Oakley</div>
					<div class="">Tom Reis</div>
					<div class="">Kelly Stimart</div>
				</div>
			</div>

			<div class="nowMinute">
				<p>Minutes from the October meeting were approved.</p>
				<p>Financials were reviewed. The cost of water continues to be a problem.</p>
				<p>Sally, on behalf of the Landscape Committee, made a very comprehensive report on the work being done to improve the appearance of our community. the issue of the front entrance planting was reviewed and PLG will replace with a new material.Pine needles will be placed on December 8th. The four dying aAcumi Cherry trees will be replaced in February or March at PLG's expense. She further reported that she and Leslie met with David Kelly of PLG for a "walk-around" which was supposed to include David's manager but he had a conflict, which didn't sit well with those board members involved. David was asked to make sure he was included next month's walk-around.</p>
				<p>Runoff in the back of property of those adjoining Park Phillips continues to be an issue. Obie reviewed that portion of the bylaws that deals with HOA's responsibilities where water might be involved in more than one lot and after a discussion, the consensus was the HOA did not have responsibility. Tom asked to question, what was it that Jackie would like to see happen. Perhaps she should write the board her thoughts. Obie volunteered to approach her asking for this.</p>
				<p>Homeowner David Mollert requested to have time on the Annual Meeting agenda to have a proposal he drafted presented. It was not determined whether he would read it or would it suffice having it distributed via email prior to the meeting and having it mentioned at the meeting. No decision was made.</p>
				<p>Tom announced that the budget had been prepared and would  be presented at the annual meeting. This was done without board discussion at the meeting.</p>
				<p>Although there appeared the community might be having a parking violation by several owners or guests the consensus was to wait to see if was an anomaly or a recurring issue. If recurring it must be dealt with.</p>
				<p>Under old business, it was announced that the entrance wall was to be cleaned and wrought iron painted within the next two weeks.</p>
				<p>Obie mentioned he was going to put forth bylaws change at the annual meeting which would limit the number of consecutive terms a director would be allowed to serve. Currently there are no limits. Voting will be my main-in ballots.</p>
				<p>Following the bylaw discussion, it was determined that there are currently three directors whose two-year term was up, Kelly, Obie and Sally. Sally has opted not to run again so the vote will ask homeowners to select from a presented slate, three directors. Kelly and Obie expressed their intent to run. Voting will be by mail-in ballots.</p>
				<p>The next meeting will be the annual meeting set for Thursday, December 2nd at 6:00 PM. It will be virtual via zoom. zoom information to be sent out my Melissa.</p>
			</div>

		</div>

		<div class="theLine"></div>

		<div class="goHome">
			<div>To get back, click <a class="back" href="../index.html">me</a></div>
		</div>

		<div class="extendBottom"></div>

	</div>

</body>
</html>
 