
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8">
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
	<meta name="theme-color" content="#93C572">

	<title>10/2021 Meeting Minutes</title>

	<meta name="description" content="Meeting minutes from the October 2021 Board meeting.">

	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../assets/faviconMM.ico" type="image/x-icon">

	<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="../assets/apple-touch-icon.png">
	<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="../assets/favicon-32x32.png">
	<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="../assets/favicon-16x16.png">

	<link rel="manifest" href="../manifest.webmanifest">

	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="minuteCSS.css">

</head>
<body>

	<div class="theBody">
		<div class="theTitle">Meeting Minutes</div>
		<div class="theDate">from October 2021</div>
		<div class="theBoard">Phillip's Gate HOA Board</div>

		<div class="theMinutes">

			<div class="whenHeld">President Obie Oakley began Zoom meeting at 5:15 PM.</div>

			<div class="whoAttended flexColumn">
				<div>In Attendence:</div>
				<div class="tab">
					<div class="">Sally Almason</div>
					<div class="">John Nash</div>
					<div class="">Obie Oakley</div>
					<div class="">Tom Reis</div>
					<div class="">Kelly Stimart</div>
				</div>
			</div>

			<div class="nowMinute">
				<p>Minutes from the September meeting were approved.</p>
				<p>Financials were reviewed. Noteworthy was that our water bill continues to run over budget by about $600.</p>
				<p>To reported that the Foran's request for replacing their front door had been approved. They followed the proscribed review process.</p>
				<p>Kelly's Landscape Committee report sounded like a broken record. At issue was the lack of satisfaction with the work being done by Providence. Specifically, brown patches, poor aerating, weeds and debris scattered around.</p>
				<p>Overall distrust in David Kelly's competency.</p>
				<p>Will arrange to meet with David's immediate supervisor to express out sentiments.</p>
				<p>Homeowner David Mollert was invited "in" via zoom to present a petition signed by a majority of owners to suggest before any further action is taken regarding the landscape that an Arborist and/or landscape designer be engaged to develop a plan for Phillips Gate going forward.</p>
				<p>At the conclusion of his presentation, Obie thanked David for his concerns and assured that the signers would be receiving a reply.  He was excused without discussion from the board.</p>
				<p>The meeting was returned to executive session.  The consensus of the board was surprise and disappointment at the level of dissatisfaction expressed in the petition.  The board will assess the content and make a determination as to the best course of action. It was agreed that a response should go out, probably over the president's signature.</p>
				<p>Tom shared his work in developing a budget for 2022. It was remarkably well thought out and followed the same template as the one followed for 2021.</p>
				<p>Tom based his calculations on the inevitable fact that expenses would be going up in the 4% range.</p>
				<p>there was a discussion about a dues increase. Suggestions ranged from 10% to 14.3%. The increase voted on pegged the 2022 dues at $400.</p>
				<p>Under new business, Obie informed the board that he was going to propose a bylaws change for the annual meeting that there be term limits applied to board service. Working to be worked on with Melissa's assistance.</p>
				<p>Date for the annual meeting was reaffirmed as December 2nd. Time and format TBD.</p>
				<p>The next board meeting will be November 16th via zoom.</p>				
			</div>

		</div>

		<div class="theLine"></div>

		<div class="goHome">
			<div>To get back, click <a class="back" href="../index.html">me</a></div>
		</div>

		<div class="extendBottom"></div>

	</div>

</body>
</html>
 