
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8">
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
	<meta name="theme-color" content="#93C572">

	<title>9/2021 Meeting Minutes</title>

	<meta name="description" content="Meeting minutes from the September 2021 Board meeting.">

	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../assets/faviconMM.ico" type="image/x-icon">

	<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="../assets/apple-touch-icon.png">
	<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="../assets/favicon-32x32.png">
	<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="../assets/favicon-16x16.png">

	<link rel="manifest" href="../manifest.webmanifest">

	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="minuteCSS.css">

</head>
<body>

	<div class="theBody">
		<div class="theTitle">Meeting Minutes</div>
		<div class="theDate">from September 2021</div>
		<div class="theBoard">Phillip's Gate HOA Board</div>

		<div class="theMinutes">

			<div class="whenHeld">President Obie Oakley began Zoom meeting at 5:15 PM.</div>

			<div class="whoAttended flexColumn">
				<div>In Attendence:</div>
				<div class="tab">
					<div class="">Sally Almason</div>
					<div class="">John Nash</div>
					<div class="">Obie Oakley</div>
					<div class="">Tom Reis</div>
					<div class="">Kelly Stimart</div>
				</div>
			</div>

			<div class="nowMinute">
				<p>Minutes from the August meeting were approved.</p>
				<p>Financials were reviewed. Noteworthy was that $1,206 had to be pulled from the reserves to cover deficit.</p>
				<p>The architectural review committee has received a request from the Foran's for a door upgrade.</p>
				<p>Tom distributed a draft of the 2022 budget. A dues increase from between 10% and 12% was discussed.  No decision. Revised working copy to be reviewed in October.</p>
				<p>The landscaping issues discussed where removal of the large Crepe Myrtle, cleaning front wall and repair along with the wrought iron. All approved.</p>
				<p>The proposal to re-do Andy and Tom's front bed was approved.</p>
				<p>Sally reported on the Landscape Committees walk-around with Providence Landscape. Items needing attention were pointed out to David Kelly.  This walk-around will be done monthly.</p>
				<p>The four Ocuma Cherry trees along Phillips Gare Drive are due to be replaced with more healthy stock at no cost to PGHOA.</p>
				<p>There is a damaged drain line between Sally's and David's units that needs to be repaired.</p>
				<p>Gutter cleaning to be accomplished in early October.  Mildew remediation pressure washing also to be done in early October.  Homeowners to be notified.</p>
				<p>Sally along with Leslie will serve as co-chairs of the Landscaping Committee.</p>
				<p>Next board meeting set for October 20th.  Annual meeting set for December 5th.</p>
			</div>

		</div>

		<div class="theLine"></div>

		<div class="goHome">
			<div>To get back, click <a class="back" href="../index.html">me</a></div>
		</div>

		<div class="extendBottom"></div>

	</div>

</body>
</html>
 